# Minecraft Network Protocol Docs 10/30/20
For 16u2-beta-2, Network Protocol Version 421

## New Packets

We've added some refinements to profanity filtering for objects a player can name with the Cartography Table (Anvil is coming next release). The FilterTextPacket is used to send the name they're constructing across and the filtered response back; and once they create the item, the CustomName in the ItemStackResponseSlot can be used to let the client know what the final name ended up being.

In the process we've discovered there were some omissions in the docs for the ItemStackResponsePacket.

### FilterTextPacket
    Passes strings that need to be profanity filtered to the server and then passes the filtered result back.

## Packet Changes

### ItemStackRequestPacket
    Added Strings To Filter: array of strings to be profanity filtered.

### ItemStackResponsePacket
    Cleared up omissions in the documentation; and now has a custom name field in the ItemStackResponseSlotInfo type.

## Deprecated Packets

We've gotten rid of the FallDamagePacket. Fall damage is server authoritative now.

## Enum changes

ActorFlags:
* Added RAM_ATTACK(96)
* Displaced Count

ActorType:
* Added Goat(128 | Animal)

ItemStackNetResult:
  * Added FailedToFindRecipeByNetId(32)
  * Removed FailedToFindReceiptByNetId

ItemStackRequestActionType:
  * Added CraftMap(12)
  * Displaced CraftNonImplemented_DEPRECATEDASKTYLAING
  * Displaced CraftResults_DEPRECATEDASKTYLAING

MinecraftPacketIds:
  * Added FilterTextPacket(163)
  * Displaced EndId

And there has been a bug with the protocol document generator for a while that prevented it from updating the BuildPlatform enum. Shout out to Ben from Galaxite for catching it. Here's the latest truth:

BuildPlatform:
  * Added Google(1)
  * Added iOS(2)
  * Added OSX(3)
  * Added Amazon(4)
  * Added GearVR(5)
  * Added UWP(7)
  * Added Win32(8)
  * Added Dedicated(9)
  * Added PS4(11)
  * Added Nx(12)
  * Added Xbox(13)
  * Added WindowsPhone(14)
  * Added Unknown(-1)



